frost more a knife inexpensive
lightweight very sharp easy to sharpen
there's a reason that this is a standard
for hikers and campers a lake great for
wearing around the neck a little Ranger
band on there to hold that knife in
secure also have a ranger band on the
sheath the plastic hard sheath it has a
striker inside of it great little knife
must have very inexpensive i paid around
fifteen dollars for this one
takes very little effort
very easy very little effort broke the
tip classic camping knife not the most
durable survival knife it's Frost Mora
has no chopping capabilities so we'll
have to hammer this wood on its spine
razor sharp
while this knife held a good edge in is
an excellent cutting tool it really is a
light duty knife my evaluation is from a
survivalist standpoint so durability and
versatility are key the price is rape
but don't expect this knife to take very
much abuse as you saw when I broke the
tip as the secondary blade is perfect as
a primary survival blade I wouldn't
depend on this frost more